[Music]
we'll surpass our this is our
in Le in Victory we have the passion
strength in our work awareness in our
hearts we'll close every deal together
we'll make records belief in Victory the
steam is UN Unstoppable Force said learn
that he challenging the game on joh
May flame numbers go cross cutting
and limits go B
cutting every flaming every pitch cross
the numbers break the limits we have
belief in Victory would go the
market G
[Music]
force a in Victory we have the passion
strengthen our work awareness and our
heart s we'll close every deal together
we'll make records belief in Victory
this team is UN Unstoppable Force man
upset got and challenging your game call
John May flame numbers go cross
cting limits
goting pitch we'll cross the numbers
we'll break the list we have belief in
Victory we'll D the mark get
[Music]